add document for inline webpart (#20659)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/standardwebpart.md

## Properties

| Property               | Type                                       | Description                                                                                                     |
| :--------------------- | :----------------------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | containerTextWebPartId | string                                     | Instance identifier of the container text webPart. Only works for inline standard webPart in rich text webPart. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| containerTextWebPartId | string                                     | The instance identifier of the container text webPart. Only works for inline standard webPart in rich text webPart. |
```

> | containerTextWebPartId | string                                     | The instance identifier of the container text webPart. Only works for inline standard webPart in rich text webPart. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| containerTextWebPartId | string                                     | The instance identifier of the container text webPart. It only works for inline standard webPart in rich text webPart. |
```

> | containerTextWebPartId | string                                     | The instance identifier of the container text webPart. It only works for inline standard webPart in rich text webPart. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| containerTextWebPartId | string                                     | The instance identifier of the container text webPart. It only works for inline standard webPart in rich text webParts. |
```

| data                   | [webPartData](../resources/webpartdata.md) | Data of the webPart.                                                                                            |
| id                     | String                                     | Instance identifier of the webPart. Inherited from [entity](../resources/entity.md).                            |

> | webPartType            | String                                     | A Guid which indicates the type of the webParts                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| webPartType            | String                                     | A Guid that indicates the webPart type.                                                         |
```
